The details page is the page you get to from the edit details popup and then click on the secont tab (suggest tab is called
"Detailed Descripiton"). For this you go to a server URL server/details/<id> where <id> is supplied, and you will receive 
something like details.json.

On submit the same payload (but modified!) should go back to the same URL with a POST.

There is no need to do anything with "id", it will match the id you supplied. "name" should be the title of the page, and 
editable. Similarly, "organiser" and "where".

Under this is "groups". This is an array, each of which represents a section, with a heading. The heading should be derived
from "name" and "term" in each group. The "code" should be displayed in an editable text field below the title with the
label "pattern" (or similar).

Inside each of these headings is a table with four columns, who, what, where, and Number/Date. At the start there should be
one member for each of the "elements" values, with code going into Number/Date. Order of the array is important and should 
be preserved. If there's time it would be good to make the table reorderable by dragging, for when a user wants to explicitly
change the order. It should be possible to delete a row.

If who, what, or where are missing from the JSON they should be pulled from the course name, organizer and location at the top
level. If code is missing, the field should be blank.

Under these tables should be the ability to add a row. The default values for who, what and where should be from the row
above and, if no row above, from the course name, organizer and location at the top level.

The table should span the screen and the code cell about 10 characters wide, the others roughly equal size of the remainder.

The metadata field can be ignored on this page, but should be preserved.

At the bottom should be an update button to send the modified payload back to the server.

The layout should be somewhat like the attached layout, and the values displayed correspond to the details.json file in this 
folder.